Before we do styling lets make sure we can actually link it to the videos.
And there was a little bit of a hint in the last lesson where we saw that if we do youtube so if we
do it like this and then we attach the ID afterwards that should give us the URL to a video.
Scrub the video ID.
So if we slash it.
So this should open up this video ID.
OK.
So we see that we can open up the YouTube video by doing this short enter and then the ID.
So its the same thing up here you could do the long one as well if you want.
And that actually gives you some more options for parameters.
But we can send over and we can get the right video.
So if we go to share we can see that there is that same short u r l which is for this particular video.
And I just noticed also one thing that we're not actually searching for the term javascript within the
you r l path.
So let's update that and fix that so it was a little minor bug here where we never updated the term
here.
So this actually has to equal search term.
And we'll break out of the string.
Concatenate it and break back in.
So let's try to just make sure that we are actually returning back javascript videos.
So refresh search and now it does look like we were able to get javascript videos back in.
So we're ready to move on to the next step so we see how we can link it to the videos.
And now it's just a matter of making some styling the rest of this is going to be all styling.
So if you want to skip through this you're welcome to do so.
Or you can sit through and watch us do some styling apply some styling to these elements.
There's one other thing that I still want to pick up before we continue.
And that's going to be the video ID.
So in order to get the video ID the path is going to be.
So it's data items we can copy a little bit of the stuff here.
So data items and instead of snippet we're grabbing the ID object and then within the ID object We've
got video ID.
So that should grab us our video ID and this will give us the ability to actually create a clickable
you are l.
So let's add that.
So rough.
And then in here this is where we're going to drop our.
You are all so open it up on a new page and then we'll add it around at the thumbnail so the thumbnail
is actually going to be the clickable one.
Let's add in our you are l.
So we know that with the YouTube videos.
Let's go back and we'll grab that short format and we can paste that value.
And now this is where we can make use of the ID because this is a like thing that changes for the path
to all the videos and we just need to drop our ID in there and we should of course go and check it just
to make sure that things are working so refresh.
Click it.
So now we've got a bunch of clickable parts there so we don't actually have the image we're actually
still outputting the image.
So let's fix that that we're actually going to output the image as an image.
So we just use the image tags.
Image source or we could just pull back to the thumbnail.
Also add an alt.
We can use the title for the altar as well.
So we've already got it over here.
It was just a matter of pasting it in and formatting getting it to look however you want to look so
refreshed.
Click.
So now these are all clickable.
So they open up the videos.
So great.
Next thing that we should do we need to wrap it so that we can pop them in line.
So I'm going to give this one a class panel and go into our styling.
So now we can apply some styling to the panel well give it a width of 25 percent.
So they're all going to fall in line their display and we'll do inline block.
So I should align them one after the other so horizontally aligned them because they're only going to
be 25 percent across or so give them a uniform height.
So maybe 120 picks because we do need to still add some text.
Let's hide the overflow overflow.
Hidden.
So we don't have any content hanging outside of it.
So there we go.
So we've got essentially there it is it's popping up.
I know my window is kind of small here.
So if we get bigger we can see that things are working properly.
We can also do something for the images and the panel as well.
So we could do panel.
I am Giese the images in there and we'll set to a width of 100 percent.
So those fully across so that when we make it bigger our images are still there fully across.
Now actually we're losing our text so we need to do something with that text.
Let's go back in.
And let's wrap our text will wrap it in a span Oler passing over is the title.
Let me just make sure that we can grab the span properly so that looks like.
So there we go.
So it's starting to look a little bit better.
We can obviously if we get bigger We're going to have some problems here that this is going to overlap
so we might have to restrict the size of the images or we can move the text on top.
So again and again depending on what you want to do you might want to place the text on top and that
way we're always got the same width.
And we also might want to set a default.
And also what we can do is we can set some absolute's do a background background will set an R.G. be
color so that we can use our G-B.
And a lot of this is depending on what you prefer what works best for you.
So to refresh and clean this up so we've got the span colors maybe what we want to do is we want to
have another wrapper around there.
Maybe I will set up a div and we'll give it a class and we'll give it a class of content and we'll close
off that div and this way we can better identify that content.
So instead of span this will just be content.
So there we go.
So that's a little bit better.
And of course we can set the height of these as well now if we wanted to.
So if we want to have at a set height and maybe what we can do is we can move it on top of that image
so we can do like a zed index and also set position so set it as absolute position it might be a little
bit too much but would set it up as not and will also set index so that it's actually above.
So given that index of 100.
And then we'll go over to this image and let's update the image as well.
So it's actually moving outside of the main container.
So we need to still have it all contained within there.
So let's add another div as to a quick check on RH to make sure that it's rendering out properly.
And so we've got the panel so the up should be 100 percent.
So we go.
So we've got text on top we've got the titles on top and if we click the images then we can go out to
see the videos.
And of course you probably want to style it however works best for you.
This was just a simple suggestion on the styling.
We also might want to do that.
The content is with of 100 percent as well.
So there we go.
So that looks a little bit better.
And try it for yourself.
And of course the styling is optional.
You can set it and make it look however you want.
Maybe because we're working on a small screen maybe we want to make it a little bit smaller as well.
So go ahead try it for yourself.
And the main objective here is not really the styling.
I know I spent quite a bit of time on that but the main objective is getting that content from YouTube
and then outputting it within your web page.
So go ahead set that up on your own page.
And next we're going to do a quick overview of this application and how it works.
That's coming up.